Remove Travis CI Integration (#313)
acquia/orca: example/README.md

# Example Module

> The Example module illustrates how to use ORCA to test a Drupal module. See also [Configuring GitHub Actions
> ](../docs/getting-started.md#configuring-github-actions).

Reviewer: As per previous comments:

```suggestion
The Example module illustrates how to use ORCA to test a Drupal module. See also [Configuring CI
](../docs/getting-started.md#configuring-ci).
```
